README.md, before:

# Scraper

Scraper is a tool for scraping and visualizing open source data from GitHub.

## Getting Started: Code.gov

[Code.gov](https://code.gov) is a newly launched website of the US Federal
Government to allow the People to access metadata from the governments custom
developed software. This site requires metadata to function, and this Python
library can help with that!

To get started, you will need a [GitHub Personal Auth Token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/) to make requests to
the GitHub API. This should be set in your environment or shell ``rc`` file with
the name ``GITHUB_API_TOKEN``:

    $ export GITHUB_API_TOKEN=XYZ

    $ echo "export GITHUB_API_TOKEN=XYZ" >> ~/.bashrc


To generate a ``code.json`` file for your GitHub organization:

    $ pip install -e .
    $ npm install -g cloc

    $ scraper --agency <agency_name> --github-orgs <list of github org usernames ...>

    # Example
    $ scraper --agency DOE --github-orgs llnl

A full example of the resulting ``code.json`` file can be [found
here](https://gist.github.com/IanLee1521/b7d7c0c2d8c24b10dd04edd5e8cab6c4).

## License

Scraper is released under an MIT license. For more details see the
[LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.

LLNL-CODE-705597

Commit message:

Update readme about installing cloc

README.md, after:

# Scraper

Scraper is a tool for scraping and visualizing open source data from GitHub.

## Getting Started: Code.gov

[Code.gov](https://code.gov) is a newly launched website of the US Federal
Government to allow the People to access metadata from the governments custom
developed software. This site requires metadata to function, and this Python
library can help with that!

To get started, you will need a [GitHub Personal Auth
Token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/)
to make requests to the GitHub API. This should be set in your environment or
shell ``rc`` file with the name ``GITHUB_API_TOKEN``:

    $ export GITHUB_API_TOKEN=XYZ

    $ echo "export GITHUB_API_TOKEN=XYZ" >> ~/.bashrc

You will also need to install ``cloc`` into your environment. This is typically
done with a [Package
Manager](https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc#install-via-package-manager) such as
``npm`` or ``homebrew``.

To generate a ``code.json`` file for your GitHub organization:

    $ pip install -e .
    $ npm install -g cloc

    $ scraper --agency <agency_name> --github-orgs <list of github org usernames ...>

    # Example
    $ scraper --agency DOE --github-orgs llnl

A full example of the resulting ``code.json`` file can be [found
here](https://gist.github.com/IanLee1521/b7d7c0c2d8c24b10dd04edd5e8cab6c4).

## License

Scraper is released under an MIT license. For more details see the
[LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.

LLNL-CODE-705597
